[Autogenerated] Welcome back to AWS developer getting started.
My name is Ryan Lewis and this module is going to be all about databases.
Amazon gives you quite a few options to find a
database service that matches your needs,
whether it's managed relational databases or low configuration.
No SQL tables.
You'll be able to find the best database for you with a W S.
Let's take a look at what we'll be covering in this module.
We'll start by looking at amazon relational database
service and I'll go over it at a high level.
Well look at the database options you can choose with RDS and I'll
describe some of the differences to help you choose next.
We'll talk about configuration options and scaling before we
finally create our first database instance.
Then we'll finally set up our tables and connect to the database with our
application so we can start storing data in it after RDS I'll introduce
amazon's no SQL option with Dynamo DB and we'll learn all about tables and
throughput configuration is pretty light with dynamo DB So we'll be jumping
into the code very quickly and have our code pushing and pulling data from
dynamo before you know it.
There's a lot of code to work on in this module so make sure to get comfortable and ready to do some typing